Update README with link to the commands reference. Remove obsolete readme parts. (#875)
input-output-hk/cardano-cli: README.md

## Executables

> You can download the binaries of ``cardano-node`` and ``cardano-cli`` from the [release notes](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the binaries of `cardano-cli` compatible with specific versions of `cardano-node` from [cardano-node's release notes](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases).

You can also download binaries of all versions of `cardano-cli` from [cardano-cli's release notes](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-cli/releases)
```

Optional

Author: Good idea, thanks!
